README.md, before:

# Awesome Typst 中文版

列表收集了 [Typst](https://github.com/typst/typst) 相关的资源,扩展，应用等。

本列表由 [Typst 中文社区](https://typst.cn) 维护,欢迎提交 PR 一起维护。微信群:

<img src="./assets/wechat-qrcode.jpeg" style="height:500px"/>

<!-- 目录由 https://github.com/pbzweihander/markdown-toc 工具生成 -->


## 目录

- [Awesome Typst 中文版](#awesome-typst-%E4%B8%AD%E6%96%87%E7%89%88)
    - [官方项目链接](#%E5%AE%98%E6%96%B9%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE%E9%93%BE%E6%8E%A5)
    - [文档和教程](#%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3%E5%92%8C%E6%95%99%E7%A8%8B)
        - [文档](#%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3)
    - [第三方工具](#%E7%AC%AC%E4%B8%89%E6%96%B9%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7)
        - [工具](#%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7)
        - [编辑器](#%E7%BC%96%E8%BE%91%E5%99%A8)
    - [模板](#%E6%A8%A1%E6%9D%BF)
        - [官方](#%E5%AE%98%E6%96%B9)
        - [中国大学论文](#%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%A7%E5%AD%A6%E8%AE%BA%E6%96%87)
        - [论文](#%E8%AE%BA%E6%96%87)
        - [信件](#%E4%BF%A1%E4%BB%B6)
        - [笔记](#%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B0)
        - [任务 工作 作业](#%E4%BB%BB%E5%8A%A1-%E5%B7%A5%E4%BD%9C-%E4%BD%9C%E4%B8%9A)
        - [简历](#%E7%AE%80%E5%8E%86)
        - [学术海报](#%E5%AD%A6%E6%9C%AF%E6%B5%B7%E6%8A%A5)
        - [演示文稿](#%E6%BC%94%E7%A4%BA%E6%96%87%E7%A8%BF)
    - [库和工具类](#%E5%BA%93%E5%92%8C%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7%E7%B1%BB)
        - [格式 工具](#%E6%A0%BC%E5%BC%8F-%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7)
        - [图形 色彩](#%E5%9B%BE%E5%BD%A2-%E8%89%B2%E5%BD%A9)
        - [语言 文本](#%E8%AF%AD%E8%A8%80-%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC)
        - [数学](#%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%A6)
        - [物理 化学 电学](#%E7%89%A9%E7%90%86-%E5%8C%96%E5%AD%A6-%E7%94%B5%E5%AD%A6)
        - [杂项](#%E6%9D%82%E9%A1%B9)
    - [编程](#%E7%BC%96%E7%A8%8B)
    - [编辑器集成插件](#%E7%BC%96%E8%BE%91%E5%99%A8%E9%9B%86%E6%88%90%E6%8F%92%E4%BB%B6)
        - [通用](#%E9%80%9A%E7%94%A8)
        - [Emacs](#emacs)
        - [语言服务 LSP](#%E8%AF%AD%E8%A8%80%E6%9C%8D%E5%8A%A1-lsp)
        - [Obsidian](#obsidian)
        - [Vim](#vim)
        - [VSCode](#vscode)
        - [其他](#%E5%85%B6%E4%BB%96)

## 官方项目链接

- [typst.app](https://typst.app): Typst 官网和  Typst 在线 App.
- [Typst 文档](https://typst.app/docs)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/typst/typst)
- [博客](https://typst.app/blog/)
- 社交媒体: [Discord] [Instagram] [LinkedIn] [Twitter]

[discord]: https://discord.gg/2uDybryKPe
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/typstapp/
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/typst/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/typstapp/

## 文档和教程

### 文档
- [Typst中文文档](https://github.com/Zuttergutao/Typstdocs-Zh-CN-): 随便翻译的Typst中文文档

## 第三方工具

### 工具

- [yank](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/yank/):Firefox 扩展，用到了 typst 作为内容输出格式支持 ， Yank URL and title of current tab, format to a chosen markup language, and copy to clipboard (supports typst link format)
- [typst-bot](https://github.com/mattfbacon/typst-bot):discord 机器人，支持 typst 渲染 ,A discord bot to render Typst code
- [typst-fmt](https://github.com/astrale-sharp/typst-fmt/): typ 文件格式化工具，An in development Typst formatter (PR welcomed)
- [typst-live](https://github.com/ItsEthra/typst-live): 基于浏览器的 PDF 自动刷新工具,Hot reloading of pdf in web browser
- [typst-pandoc](https://github.com/lvignoli/typst-pandoc): Pandoc 集成 ，Typst custom reader and writer for Pandoc

### 编辑器

- [Drafts](https://github.com/limads/drafts): Typst 的编辑器(WIP),Drafts is an editor for technical writing that leverages the Typst typesetting system.
- [typster](https://github.com/wflixu/typster): Tauri 编写的 typst 阅读和编辑器,typst reader and editor


## 模板

### 官方

- [typst/templates](https://github.com/typst/templates): 官方提供的模板，可以下载，也可以直接在 typst.app 在线服务中使用

### 中国大学论文

- [pkuthss-typst](https://github.com/lucifer1004/pkuthss-typst): 北京大学学位论文模板,Typst template for dissertations in Peking University (PKU).
- [BUAA-typst](https://github.com/cherichy/BUAA-typst): 北京航空航天大学学位论文模板
- [bupt-typst](https://github.com/QQKdeGit/bupt-typst): 北京邮电大学本科学士学位论文模板
- [HUST-typst-template](https://github.com/werifu/HUST-typst-template): 用于华科毕业设计（本科）的 typst 模板。
- [SHU-Bachelor-Thesis-Typst](https://github.com/shuosc/SHU-Bachelor-Thesis-Typst): 上海大学本科毕业论文 typst 模板 (开发ing)
- [sysu-thesis-typst](https://github.com/howardlau1999/sysu-thesis-typst): 中山大学学位论文 Typst 模板
- [ZJGSU-typst-template](https://github.com/jujimeizuo/ZJGSU-typst-template): 浙江工商大学毕业设计（本科）的 typst 模板。
- [CQUPTypst](https://github.com/jerrita/CQUPTypst): 一个 Typest 模板，但是大专 

### 论文

- [typst-apa7ish](https://github.com/mrwunderbar666/typst-apa7ish): APA格式第七版模板, Typst Template that (mostly) complies with APA7 Style (Work in Progress).
- [ieee-typst-template](https://github.com/bsp0109/ieee-typst-template): IEEE 论文的模板，A template to write IEEE Papers in Typst
- [simple-typst-thesis](https://github.com/zagoli/simple-typst-thesis): 编写简单论文的模板，A template useful for writing simple thesis in Typst

- [SimplePaper](https://github.com/1bitbool/SimplePaper): SimplePaper 是 Typst 的模版，用于生成简单的论文。
- [typst-templates](https://github.com/eigenein/typst-templates): 个人编写的模板，Templates for Typst
- [typst-templates](https://github.com/haxibami/typst-template): 个人编写的模板，My typst templates
- [typstry](https://github.com/qjcg/typstry): 个人编写的模板，A Tapestry of Typst Templates & Examples
- [tyspt-mla9-template](https://github.com/wychwitch/tyspt-mla9-template): MLA 第九版模板，An MLA 9th edition template
- [writable-gm-screen-inserts](https://github.com/LLBlumire/writable-gm-screen-inserts):类似游戏 cheat sheet, Writable Game Master Screen Inserts

- [simple-typst-thesis](https://github.com/zagoli/simple-typst-thesis): 简单的论文模板 ,This template defines a frontpage with a centered title and author informations, and an optional logo.

### 信件
- [typst-din-5008-letter](https://github.com/ludwig-austermann/typst-din-5008-letter): DIN 5008 标准的商务文稿模板, A template for DIN 5008 inspired typst letter. Furthermore, there is a envelope template.

### 笔记
- [vex-typst-notebook](https://github.com/frosty884/vex-typst-notebook): Vex 机器人比赛工程笔记模板 ,This repository contains an open source VEX Robotics notebook template for use with the Typst note-taking app.
- [typst-notebook](https://github.com/Fr4nk1in-USTC/typst-notebook): 简单的笔记模板 ,A simple template for taking notes in Typst.


### 任务 工作 作业

- [assignment-template](https://github.com/AntoniosBarotsis/typst-assignment-template): 简单的作业模板,A simple assignment template
- [typst-assignment-template](https://github.com/astrale-sharp/typst-assignement-template.git): 作业模板,Yet another simple assignment template
- [typst-homework-template](https://github.com/OriginCode/typst-homework-template): 作业模板,A simple homework template inspired by the LaTeX homework template by Adam Blank
- [typst-assignment-template](https://github.com/gRox167/typst-assignment-template.git): 作业模板,Yet another simple assignment template with a cover and several useful math symbols.

### 简历

- [uniquecv-typst](https://github.com/gaoachao/uniquecv-typst): 一个使用Typst编写的简历模板，基于uniquecv。
- [typst-cv-miku](https://github.com/ice-kylin/typst-cv-miku): 简历模板，有多种版本，包括中文 ,This is a simple, elegant, academic style CV template for typst. Support for English and Chinese (and more).
- [alta-typst](https://github.com/GeorgeHoneywood/alta-typst): 一份简历模板，参考 `AltaCV`，A simple Typst CV template, inspired by AltaCV by LianTze Lim
- [attractive-typst-resume](https://github.com/Harkunwar/attractive-typst-resume):一份有吸引力的简历模板， A modern looking, attractive CV/Resume template by Harkunwar Kochar
- [moderncv.typst](https://github.com/giovanniberti/moderncv.typst): 参考 `moderncv` 的简历模板 ，A CV template inspired by LaTeX's `moderncv`
- [resume.typ](https://github.com/wusyong/resume.typ): 简历模板,Simple and ergonimic template to generate resume and CV
- [simplecv](https://github.com/LaurenzV/simplecv): 一份简单的简历模板,SimpleCV is a simple and elegant CV template written in Typst
- [typst-cv-template](https://github.com/skyzh/typst-cv-template): 好像是模板作者自己的简历,Chi CV Template (For Typst)
- [typst-resume-template](https://github.com/bamboovir/typst-resume-template): 一份简历模板，Aesthetic style inspired by the Awesome-CV project
- [vercanard](https://github.com/elegaanz/vercanard): 一份彩色的简历模板,A colorful resume template for Typst.

### 学术海报

- [typst-poster](https://github.com/pncnmnp/typst-poster): 一份学术海报模板,An academic poster template

### 演示文稿

- [typst-slides](https://github.com/andreasKroepelin/typst-slides): 创建演示文稿的模板,A template for creating slides in Typst


## 库和工具类

### 格式 工具

- [typst-index](https://github.com/RolfBremer/typst-index): 创建索引的工具库,  Automatically create a handcrafted index in typst. This typst component allows the automatic creation of an Index page with entries that have been manually marked in the document by its authors. This, in times of advanced search functionality, seems somewhat outdated, but a handcrafted index like this allows the authors to point the reader to just the right location in the document.
- [typst-tablex](https://github.com/PgBiel/typst-tablex): 表格组件, More powerful and customizable tables in Typst.
- [typst-diagbox](https://github.com/PgBiel/typst-diagbox): 对角线分割符,A library for diagonal line dividers in Typst tables

### 图形 色彩

- [typst-canvas](https://github.com/johannes-wolf/typst-canvas): Typst Canvas 库
- [typst-palette](https://github.com/kaarmu/typst-palette): 调色板工具包,A package of color palettes for Typst
- [typst-plot](https://github.com/johannes-wolf/typst-plot): 绘图库,A library for plotting line charts
- [typst-boxes](https://github.com/lkoehl/typst-boxes): 可以绘制彩色的文本框,还有一种可以旋转的便利贴样式，A library to draw colorful boxes.


### 语言 文本

- [notes.typ](https://github.com/tbug/notes.typ): 脚注，尾注,Footnotes, endnotes, notes.
- [leipzig-gloss](https://gitea.everydayimshuflin.com/greg/typst-lepizig-glossing): 莱比锡标注系统支持库，A library that provides primitives for creating glossing rules according to Leipzig.
- [typst-ipa](https://github.com/imatpot/typst-ipa): ASCII 码，国际音标转换,🔄 ASCII / IPA conversion for Typst

### 数学

- [Formal-Methods-Typst](https://github.com/txtxj/Formal-Methods-Typst): 用于书写形式化中数理逻辑证明题
- [commutative-diagrams](https://gitlab.com/giacomogallina/typst-cd):交换图/交换图表库， A library for creating commutative diagrams
- [typst-theorems](https://github.com/sahasatvik/typst-theorems): 一个辅助编号的库,A library for creating numbered theorem environments
- [typst-undergradmath](https://github.com/johanvx/typst-undergradmath): `undergradmath` Typst 移植,A Typst port of [undergradmath](https://gitlab.com/jim.hefferon/undergradmath)

### 物理 化学 电学

- [circuitypst](https://github.com/fenjalien/circuitypst): 移植 `circuitikz` 实现电路图形的支持 ,A port of circuitikz to Typst using typst-canvas 
- [typst-physics](https://github.com/Leedehai/typst-physics): 物理符号库，A library for usual physics notations, e.g. vectors, matrices, derivatives, Dirac brakets, tensors, isotopes

### 杂项

- [typst-timetable](https://github.com/ludwig-austermann/typst-timetable): 时刻表模板 ,A typst template for timetables
- [typst-algorithms](https://github.com/platformer/typst-algorithms): 用于编写算法，为代码的工具包,Typst module for writing algorithms. Use the algo function for writing pseudocode and the code function for writing codeblocks with line numbers. 
- [typst-truthtable](https://github.com/PgBiel/typst-truthtable): 生成真值表的库 , A library for generating truth tables
- [typst-raytracer](https://github.com/SeniorMars/typst-raytracer): raytracer in typst

## 编程

- [jupyter2typst](https://github.com/dermesser/jupyter2typst): 将 `jupyter notebooks` 转换成 `typst ` 代码的工具  ，A handy tool for converting jupyter notebooks into typst code for producing PDFs.
- [typst.ts](https://github.com/Myriad-Dreamin/typst.ts): 在 javascript 环境中渲染 typ 文件 ,Typst.ts allows you to independently run the Typst compiler and exporter (renderer) in your browser.
- [inktyp](https://github.com/herlev/inktyp): Inkscape 插件，用于在 inkscape 中插入 typst 公式, Insert and edit typst equations in inkscape.
- [typst-egui](https://github.com/mattfbacon/typst-egui): 在 egui 中显示 Typst 文档 ,Very restricted proof-of-concept for showing Typst documents inside egui.
- [typst-py](https://github.com/messense/typst-py): Typst 的 Python 绑定, Python binding to typst, a new markup-based typesetting system that is powerful and easy to learn.
- [Typst xmake](https://github.com/star-hengxing/typst-xmake): 使用 xmake 编译 typst ,实现伪热更新 , Use xmake as build system to compile typst to pdf.
- [leetcode.typ](https://github.com/lucifer1004/leetcode.typ): 在 Typst 中刷 Leetcode 题目

## 编辑器集成插件

### 通用

- [frozolotl/tree-sitter-typst](https://github.com/frozolotl/tree-sitter-typst):TreeSitter 插件, A tree-sitter grammar with a focus on correctness.
- [SeniorMars/tree-sitter-typst](https://github.com/SeniorMars/tree-sitter-typst):TreeSitter 插件， A TreeSitter parser for the Typst File Format

### Emacs

- [typst-mode.el](https://github.com/Ziqi-Yang/typst-mode.el): Emacs 插件,An Emacs major mode for the `typst` markup-based typesetting system

### 语言服务 LSP

- [typst-lsp](https://github.com/nvarner/typst-lsp): typst  lsp， rust 编写，A brand-new language server for Typst, plus a VS Code extension

### Obsidian

- [obsidian-typst](https://github.com/fenjalien/obsidian-typst): obsidian 插件,Renders typst code blocks in Obsidian into images using Typst through the power of WASM!

### Vim

- [typst.nvim](https://github.com/SeniorMars/typst.nvim): nvim 插件, WIP. Goals: Treesitter highlighting, snippets, and a smooth intergration with neovim
- [typst.vim](https://github.com/kaarmu/typst.vim): Vim 插件,Vim plugin for Typst

### VSCode

- [Typst LSP VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nvarner.typst-lsp) ,VSCode 插件
- [typst-preview-vscode](https://github.com/Enter-tainer/typst-preview-vscode): VSCode Typst 预览插件, Preview your Typst files in vscode instantly

### 其他

- [typst-action](https://github.com/lvignoli/typst-action): Github Action 支持,Build Typst documents using GitHub actions

Commit message:

docs: add awesomeCV-Typst in CV section

README.md, after:

# Awesome Typst 中文版

列表收集了 [Typst](https://github.com/typst/typst) 相关的资源,扩展，应用等。

本列表由 [Typst 中文社区](https://typst.cn) 维护,欢迎提交 PR 一起维护。微信群:

<img src="./assets/wechat-qrcode.jpeg" style="height:500px"/>

<!-- 目录由 https://github.com/pbzweihander/markdown-toc 工具生成 -->


## 目录

- [Awesome Typst 中文版](#awesome-typst-%E4%B8%AD%E6%96%87%E7%89%88)
    - [官方项目链接](#%E5%AE%98%E6%96%B9%E9%A1%B9%E7%9B%AE%E9%93%BE%E6%8E%A5)
    - [文档和教程](#%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3%E5%92%8C%E6%95%99%E7%A8%8B)
        - [文档](#%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3)
    - [第三方工具](#%E7%AC%AC%E4%B8%89%E6%96%B9%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7)
        - [工具](#%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7)
        - [编辑器](#%E7%BC%96%E8%BE%91%E5%99%A8)
    - [模板](#%E6%A8%A1%E6%9D%BF)
        - [官方](#%E5%AE%98%E6%96%B9)
        - [中国大学论文](#%E4%B8%AD%E5%9B%BD%E5%A4%A7%E5%AD%A6%E8%AE%BA%E6%96%87)
        - [论文](#%E8%AE%BA%E6%96%87)
        - [信件](#%E4%BF%A1%E4%BB%B6)
        - [笔记](#%E7%AC%94%E8%AE%B0)
        - [任务 工作 作业](#%E4%BB%BB%E5%8A%A1-%E5%B7%A5%E4%BD%9C-%E4%BD%9C%E4%B8%9A)
        - [简历](#%E7%AE%80%E5%8E%86)
        - [学术海报](#%E5%AD%A6%E6%9C%AF%E6%B5%B7%E6%8A%A5)
        - [演示文稿](#%E6%BC%94%E7%A4%BA%E6%96%87%E7%A8%BF)
    - [库和工具类](#%E5%BA%93%E5%92%8C%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7%E7%B1%BB)
        - [格式 工具](#%E6%A0%BC%E5%BC%8F-%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7)
        - [图形 色彩](#%E5%9B%BE%E5%BD%A2-%E8%89%B2%E5%BD%A9)
        - [语言 文本](#%E8%AF%AD%E8%A8%80-%E6%96%87%E6%9C%AC)
        - [数学](#%E6%95%B0%E5%AD%A6)
        - [物理 化学 电学](#%E7%89%A9%E7%90%86-%E5%8C%96%E5%AD%A6-%E7%94%B5%E5%AD%A6)
        - [杂项](#%E6%9D%82%E9%A1%B9)
    - [编程](#%E7%BC%96%E7%A8%8B)
    - [编辑器集成插件](#%E7%BC%96%E8%BE%91%E5%99%A8%E9%9B%86%E6%88%90%E6%8F%92%E4%BB%B6)
        - [通用](#%E9%80%9A%E7%94%A8)
        - [Emacs](#emacs)
        - [语言服务 LSP](#%E8%AF%AD%E8%A8%80%E6%9C%8D%E5%8A%A1-lsp)
        - [Obsidian](#obsidian)
        - [Vim](#vim)
        - [VSCode](#vscode)
        - [其他](#%E5%85%B6%E4%BB%96)

## 官方项目链接

- [typst.app](https://typst.app): Typst 官网和  Typst 在线 App.
- [Typst 文档](https://typst.app/docs)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/typst/typst)
- [博客](https://typst.app/blog/)
- 社交媒体: [Discord] [Instagram] [LinkedIn] [Twitter]

[discord]: https://discord.gg/2uDybryKPe
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/typstapp/
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/typst/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/typstapp/

## 文档和教程

### 文档
- [Typst中文文档](https://github.com/Zuttergutao/Typstdocs-Zh-CN-): 随便翻译的Typst中文文档

## 第三方工具

### 工具

- [yank](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/yank/):Firefox 扩展，用到了 typst 作为内容输出格式支持 ， Yank URL and title of current tab, format to a chosen markup language, and copy to clipboard (supports typst link format)
- [typst-bot](https://github.com/mattfbacon/typst-bot):discord 机器人，支持 typst 渲染 ,A discord bot to render Typst code
- [typst-fmt](https://github.com/astrale-sharp/typst-fmt/): typ 文件格式化工具，An in development Typst formatter (PR welcomed)
- [typst-live](https://github.com/ItsEthra/typst-live): 基于浏览器的 PDF 自动刷新工具,Hot reloading of pdf in web browser
- [typst-pandoc](https://github.com/lvignoli/typst-pandoc): Pandoc 集成 ，Typst custom reader and writer for Pandoc

### 编辑器

- [Drafts](https://github.com/limads/drafts): Typst 的编辑器(WIP),Drafts is an editor for technical writing that leverages the Typst typesetting system.
- [typster](https://github.com/wflixu/typster): Tauri 编写的 typst 阅读和编辑器,typst reader and editor


## 模板

### 官方

- [typst/templates](https://github.com/typst/templates): 官方提供的模板，可以下载，也可以直接在 typst.app 在线服务中使用

### 中国大学论文

- [pkuthss-typst](https://github.com/lucifer1004/pkuthss-typst): 北京大学学位论文模板,Typst template for dissertations in Peking University (PKU).
- [BUAA-typst](https://github.com/cherichy/BUAA-typst): 北京航空航天大学学位论文模板
- [bupt-typst](https://github.com/QQKdeGit/bupt-typst): 北京邮电大学本科学士学位论文模板
- [HUST-typst-template](https://github.com/werifu/HUST-typst-template): 用于华科毕业设计（本科）的 typst 模板。
- [SHU-Bachelor-Thesis-Typst](https://github.com/shuosc/SHU-Bachelor-Thesis-Typst): 上海大学本科毕业论文 typst 模板 (开发ing)
- [sysu-thesis-typst](https://github.com/howardlau1999/sysu-thesis-typst): 中山大学学位论文 Typst 模板
- [ZJGSU-typst-template](https://github.com/jujimeizuo/ZJGSU-typst-template): 浙江工商大学毕业设计（本科）的 typst 模板。
- [CQUPTypst](https://github.com/jerrita/CQUPTypst): 一个 Typest 模板，但是大专 

### 论文

- [typst-apa7ish](https://github.com/mrwunderbar666/typst-apa7ish): APA格式第七版模板, Typst Template that (mostly) complies with APA7 Style (Work in Progress).
- [ieee-typst-template](https://github.com/bsp0109/ieee-typst-template): IEEE 论文的模板，A template to write IEEE Papers in Typst
- [simple-typst-thesis](https://github.com/zagoli/simple-typst-thesis): 编写简单论文的模板，A template useful for writing simple thesis in Typst

- [SimplePaper](https://github.com/1bitbool/SimplePaper): SimplePaper 是 Typst 的模版，用于生成简单的论文。
- [typst-templates](https://github.com/eigenein/typst-templates): 个人编写的模板，Templates for Typst
- [typst-templates](https://github.com/haxibami/typst-template): 个人编写的模板，My typst templates
- [typstry](https://github.com/qjcg/typstry): 个人编写的模板，A Tapestry of Typst Templates & Examples
- [tyspt-mla9-template](https://github.com/wychwitch/tyspt-mla9-template): MLA 第九版模板，An MLA 9th edition template
- [writable-gm-screen-inserts](https://github.com/LLBlumire/writable-gm-screen-inserts):类似游戏 cheat sheet, Writable Game Master Screen Inserts

- [simple-typst-thesis](https://github.com/zagoli/simple-typst-thesis): 简单的论文模板 ,This template defines a frontpage with a centered title and author informations, and an optional logo.

### 信件
- [typst-din-5008-letter](https://github.com/ludwig-austermann/typst-din-5008-letter): DIN 5008 标准的商务文稿模板, A template for DIN 5008 inspired typst letter. Furthermore, there is a envelope template.

### 笔记
- [vex-typst-notebook](https://github.com/frosty884/vex-typst-notebook): Vex 机器人比赛工程笔记模板 ,This repository contains an open source VEX Robotics notebook template for use with the Typst note-taking app.
- [typst-notebook](https://github.com/Fr4nk1in-USTC/typst-notebook): 简单的笔记模板 ,A simple template for taking notes in Typst.


### 任务 工作 作业

- [assignment-template](https://github.com/AntoniosBarotsis/typst-assignment-template): 简单的作业模板,A simple assignment template
- [typst-assignment-template](https://github.com/astrale-sharp/typst-assignement-template.git): 作业模板,Yet another simple assignment template
- [typst-homework-template](https://github.com/OriginCode/typst-homework-template): 作业模板,A simple homework template inspired by the LaTeX homework template by Adam Blank
- [typst-assignment-template](https://github.com/gRox167/typst-assignment-template.git): 作业模板,Yet another simple assignment template with a cover and several useful math symbols.

### 简历

- [uniquecv-typst](https://github.com/gaoachao/uniquecv-typst): 一个使用Typst编写的简历模板，基于uniquecv。
- [typst-cv-miku](https://github.com/ice-kylin/typst-cv-miku): 简历模板，有多种版本，包括中文 ,This is a simple, elegant, academic style CV template for typst. Support for English and Chinese (and more).
- [alta-typst](https://github.com/GeorgeHoneywood/alta-typst): 一份简历模板，参考 `AltaCV`，A simple Typst CV template, inspired by AltaCV by LianTze Lim
- [attractive-typst-resume](https://github.com/Harkunwar/attractive-typst-resume):一份有吸引力的简历模板， A modern looking, attractive CV/Resume template by Harkunwar Kochar
- [moderncv.typst](https://github.com/giovanniberti/moderncv.typst): 参考 `moderncv` 的简历模板 ，A CV template inspired by LaTeX's `moderncv`
- [resume.typ](https://github.com/wusyong/resume.typ): 简历模板,Simple and ergonimic template to generate resume and CV
- [simplecv](https://github.com/LaurenzV/simplecv): 一份简单的简历模板,SimpleCV is a simple and elegant CV template written in Typst
- [typst-cv-template](https://github.com/skyzh/typst-cv-template): 好像是模板作者自己的简历,Chi CV Template (For Typst)
- [typst-resume-template](https://github.com/bamboovir/typst-resume-template): 一份简历模板，Aesthetic style inspired by the Awesome-CV project
- [vercanard](https://github.com/elegaanz/vercanard): 一份彩色的简历模板,A colorful resume template for Typst.
- [awesomeCV-Typst](https://github.com/mintyfrankie/awesomeCV-Typst) - 一份参考 `Awesome-CV` 的简历模版，支持多语言简历管理, An opinionated, relived CV template inspired by the LaTeX `Awesome-CV` project, but with multilingual support and more

### 学术海报

- [typst-poster](https://github.com/pncnmnp/typst-poster): 一份学术海报模板,An academic poster template

### 演示文稿

- [typst-slides](https://github.com/andreasKroepelin/typst-slides): 创建演示文稿的模板,A template for creating slides in Typst


## 库和工具类

### 格式 工具

- [typst-index](https://github.com/RolfBremer/typst-index): 创建索引的工具库,  Automatically create a handcrafted index in typst. This typst component allows the automatic creation of an Index page with entries that have been manually marked in the document by its authors. This, in times of advanced search functionality, seems somewhat outdated, but a handcrafted index like this allows the authors to point the reader to just the right location in the document.
- [typst-tablex](https://github.com/PgBiel/typst-tablex): 表格组件, More powerful and customizable tables in Typst.
- [typst-diagbox](https://github.com/PgBiel/typst-diagbox): 对角线分割符,A library for diagonal line dividers in Typst tables

### 图形 色彩

- [typst-canvas](https://github.com/johannes-wolf/typst-canvas): Typst Canvas 库
- [typst-palette](https://github.com/kaarmu/typst-palette): 调色板工具包,A package of color palettes for Typst
- [typst-plot](https://github.com/johannes-wolf/typst-plot): 绘图库,A library for plotting line charts
- [typst-boxes](https://github.com/lkoehl/typst-boxes): 可以绘制彩色的文本框,还有一种可以旋转的便利贴样式，A library to draw colorful boxes.


### 语言 文本

- [notes.typ](https://github.com/tbug/notes.typ): 脚注，尾注,Footnotes, endnotes, notes.
- [leipzig-gloss](https://gitea.everydayimshuflin.com/greg/typst-lepizig-glossing): 莱比锡标注系统支持库，A library that provides primitives for creating glossing rules according to Leipzig.
- [typst-ipa](https://github.com/imatpot/typst-ipa): ASCII 码，国际音标转换,🔄 ASCII / IPA conversion for Typst

### 数学

- [Formal-Methods-Typst](https://github.com/txtxj/Formal-Methods-Typst): 用于书写形式化中数理逻辑证明题
- [commutative-diagrams](https://gitlab.com/giacomogallina/typst-cd):交换图/交换图表库， A library for creating commutative diagrams
- [typst-theorems](https://github.com/sahasatvik/typst-theorems): 一个辅助编号的库,A library for creating numbered theorem environments
- [typst-undergradmath](https://github.com/johanvx/typst-undergradmath): `undergradmath` Typst 移植,A Typst port of [undergradmath](https://gitlab.com/jim.hefferon/undergradmath)

### 物理 化学 电学

- [circuitypst](https://github.com/fenjalien/circuitypst): 移植 `circuitikz` 实现电路图形的支持 ,A port of circuitikz to Typst using typst-canvas 
- [typst-physics](https://github.com/Leedehai/typst-physics): 物理符号库，A library for usual physics notations, e.g. vectors, matrices, derivatives, Dirac brakets, tensors, isotopes

### 杂项

- [typst-timetable](https://github.com/ludwig-austermann/typst-timetable): 时刻表模板 ,A typst template for timetables
- [typst-algorithms](https://github.com/platformer/typst-algorithms): 用于编写算法，为代码的工具包,Typst module for writing algorithms. Use the algo function for writing pseudocode and the code function for writing codeblocks with line numbers. 
- [typst-truthtable](https://github.com/PgBiel/typst-truthtable): 生成真值表的库 , A library for generating truth tables
- [typst-raytracer](https://github.com/SeniorMars/typst-raytracer): raytracer in typst

## 编程

- [jupyter2typst](https://github.com/dermesser/jupyter2typst): 将 `jupyter notebooks` 转换成 `typst ` 代码的工具  ，A handy tool for converting jupyter notebooks into typst code for producing PDFs.
- [typst.ts](https://github.com/Myriad-Dreamin/typst.ts): 在 javascript 环境中渲染 typ 文件 ,Typst.ts allows you to independently run the Typst compiler and exporter (renderer) in your browser.
- [inktyp](https://github.com/herlev/inktyp): Inkscape 插件，用于在 inkscape 中插入 typst 公式, Insert and edit typst equations in inkscape.
- [typst-egui](https://github.com/mattfbacon/typst-egui): 在 egui 中显示 Typst 文档 ,Very restricted proof-of-concept for showing Typst documents inside egui.
- [typst-py](https://github.com/messense/typst-py): Typst 的 Python 绑定, Python binding to typst, a new markup-based typesetting system that is powerful and easy to learn.
- [Typst xmake](https://github.com/star-hengxing/typst-xmake): 使用 xmake 编译 typst ,实现伪热更新 , Use xmake as build system to compile typst to pdf.
- [leetcode.typ](https://github.com/lucifer1004/leetcode.typ): 在 Typst 中刷 Leetcode 题目

## 编辑器集成插件

### 通用

- [frozolotl/tree-sitter-typst](https://github.com/frozolotl/tree-sitter-typst):TreeSitter 插件, A tree-sitter grammar with a focus on correctness.
- [SeniorMars/tree-sitter-typst](https://github.com/SeniorMars/tree-sitter-typst):TreeSitter 插件， A TreeSitter parser for the Typst File Format

### Emacs

- [typst-mode.el](https://github.com/Ziqi-Yang/typst-mode.el): Emacs 插件,An Emacs major mode for the `typst` markup-based typesetting system

### 语言服务 LSP

- [typst-lsp](https://github.com/nvarner/typst-lsp): typst  lsp， rust 编写，A brand-new language server for Typst, plus a VS Code extension

### Obsidian

- [obsidian-typst](https://github.com/fenjalien/obsidian-typst): obsidian 插件,Renders typst code blocks in Obsidian into images using Typst through the power of WASM!

### Vim

- [typst.nvim](https://github.com/SeniorMars/typst.nvim): nvim 插件, WIP. Goals: Treesitter highlighting, snippets, and a smooth intergration with neovim
- [typst.vim](https://github.com/kaarmu/typst.vim): Vim 插件,Vim plugin for Typst

### VSCode

- [Typst LSP VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nvarner.typst-lsp) ,VSCode 插件
- [typst-preview-vscode](https://github.com/Enter-tainer/typst-preview-vscode): VSCode Typst 预览插件, Preview your Typst files in vscode instantly

### 其他

- [typst-action](https://github.com/lvignoli/typst-action): Github Action 支持,Build Typst documents using GitHub actions
